README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width = 10% src="https://prod.cloud.rockstargames.com/crews/sc/5091/54158502/publish/emblem/emblem_512.png">
  <h5 align="center"> - HELPER INTERNSHIP ( MAIN BACKEND ) - </h5>
<!--   <h3 align="center">Helper-internship 🧚‍♂️ </h3> -->
</p>



## + Serverless ⚡️🌎
### 🌟 Serverless: command not found in ubuntu 16.04
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45130789/serverless-command-not-found-in-ubuntu-16-04
```bash
yarn global add serverless
```

### 🌟 How to Create AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yysled3Ir1o

### 🌟 Stack ‘test-project-dev’ does not exist
- https://forum.serverless.com/t/stack-test-project-dev-does-not-exist/8777
- ยังไม่ามารถแก้ Bug ได้เหมือนเดิม

### 🌟 AWS Lambda Serverless deploy asking for AWS provider credentials
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46128469/aws-lambda-serverless-deploy-asking-for-aws-provider-credentials
```
serverless config credentials --provider aws --key <Access Key ID> --secret <Secret Access Key>
```
### 🌟 Find Your AWS Account ID and Canonical user ID
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU1kjzgb-gA
- หา aws account ID



  
<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>

## + AWS 🦁

### ( 1 ) 🌟 Setting up your AWS credentials
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/toolkit-for-vscode/latest/userguide/setup-credentials.html
- วิธีเข้า credentials ใน vscode

### ( 2 ) 🌟 AWS Credentials
- https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/
- 🟡 | ทำตามขั้นตอนไม่หมด
```	
[profileName1]
aws_access_key_id=***************
aws_secret_access_key=***************
 
[profileName2]
aws_access_key_id=***************
aws_secret_access_key=***************
```

### 🌟 IAM Permissions Boundary - Full Configuration
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLQwzsqpSFA
- Setting aws ตามคลิป

### 🌟 User is not authorized to perform: cloudformation:CreateStack
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34237218/user-is-not-authorized-to-perform-cloudformationcreatestack
- config Bug : aws เบื้องต้น 




<p align="center">
  </br>
  <h6 align="center"> - ANOTHER - </h6>
</p>

## + GraphQL ፨
### 🌟 Refetching queries in Apollo Client
- https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/refetching/#refetch-options

<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>


## + Git 🎃
### 🌟 New brance 
- https://www.howtogeek.com/714112/how-to-create-a-new-branch-in-github/#:~:text=Create%20a%20New%20Branch%20from%20the%20GitHub%20Website,-You%20can%20create&text=Once%20you've%20accessed%20the,the%20Enter%20or%20Return%20key.
```bash
cd <file/path>

git checkout -b <your-new-branch-name>

git push origin <your-new-branch-name>
```

### 🌟 How do I undo 'git add' before commit?
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/348170/how-do-i-undo-git-add-before-commit
```bash
git reset
```


<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>

## + Jest 🤹🏻‍♂️

### 🌟 Ts-jest , Getting Started
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-jest
```bash
npm i -D jest typescript	
```

Commit message:

🌟 Installing or updating the latest version of the AWS CLI

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width = 10% src="https://prod.cloud.rockstargames.com/crews/sc/5091/54158502/publish/emblem/emblem_512.png">
  <h5 align="center"> - HELPER INTERNSHIP ( MAIN BACKEND ) - </h5>
<!--   <h3 align="center">Helper-internship 🧚‍♂️ </h3> -->
</p>




## + Serverless ⚡️🌎

### 🌟 Serverless: command not found in ubuntu 16.04
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45130789/serverless-command-not-found-in-ubuntu-16-04
```bash
yarn global add serverless
```

### 🌟 How to Create AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yysled3Ir1o

### 🌟 Stack ‘test-project-dev’ does not exist
- https://forum.serverless.com/t/stack-test-project-dev-does-not-exist/8777
- ยังไม่ามารถแก้ Bug ได้เหมือนเดิม

### 🌟 AWS Lambda Serverless deploy asking for AWS provider credentials
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46128469/aws-lambda-serverless-deploy-asking-for-aws-provider-credentials
```
serverless config credentials --provider aws --key <Access Key ID> --secret <Secret Access Key>
```
### 🌟 Find Your AWS Account ID and Canonical user ID
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU1kjzgb-gA
- หา aws account ID

<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>




## + AWS 🦁

### ( 1 ) 🌟 Setting up your AWS credentials
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/toolkit-for-vscode/latest/userguide/setup-credentials.html
- วิธีเข้า credentials ใน vscode

### ( 2 ) 🌟 AWS Credentials
- https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/credentials/
- 🟡 | ทำตามขั้นตอนไม่หมด
```	
[profileName1]
aws_access_key_id=***************
aws_secret_access_key=***************
 
[profileName2]
aws_access_key_id=***************
aws_secret_access_key=***************
```
### 🌟 IAM Permissions Boundary - Full Configuration
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLQwzsqpSFA
- Setting aws ตามคลิป

### 🌟 User is not authorized to perform: cloudformation:CreateStack
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34237218/user-is-not-authorized-to-perform-cloudformationcreatestack
- config Bug : aws เบื้องต้น 

### 🌟 Installing or updating the latest version of the AWS CLI
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html
- macOS / Install or update the AWS CLI / Command line installer - All users




<p align="center">
  </br>
  <h6 align="center"> - ANOTHER - </h6>
</p>

## + GraphQL ፨
### 🌟 Refetching queries in Apollo Client
- https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/refetching/#refetch-options

<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>




## + Git 🎃
### 🌟 New brance 
- https://www.howtogeek.com/714112/how-to-create-a-new-branch-in-github/#:~:text=Create%20a%20New%20Branch%20from%20the%20GitHub%20Website,-You%20can%20create&text=Once%20you've%20accessed%20the,the%20Enter%20or%20Return%20key.
```bash
cd <file/path>

git checkout -b <your-new-branch-name>

git push origin <your-new-branch-name>
```

### 🌟 How do I undo 'git add' before commit?
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/348170/how-do-i-undo-git-add-before-commit
```bash
git reset
```
<p align="center"></br><h6 align="center"> o o o </h6></p>




## + Jest 🤹🏻‍♂️

### 🌟 Ts-jest , Getting Started
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-jest
```bash
npm i -D jest typescript	
```
